HeteroLinear/SEGMM: switch from heuristic to timing-cache (#8615)
pyg-team/pytorch_geometric: CHANGELOG.md

- Update `GraphStore` and `FeatureStore` to support distributed training ([#8083](https://github.com/pyg-team/pytorch_geometric/pull/8083))
- Disallow the usage of `add_self_loops=True` in `GCNConv(normalize=False)` ([#8210](https://github.com/pyg-team/pytorch_geometric/pull/8210))
- Disable device asserts during `torch_geometric.compile` ([#8220](https://github.com/pyg-team/pytorch_geometric/pull/8220))

> - switch to selecting `use_segment_matmul` in `HeteroLinear` based on a rudimentary timing-cache instead of relying on heuristic ([#8615](https://github.com/pyg-team/pytorch_geometric/pull/8615))

Reviewer: I don't think timing-cache is clear to users. Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
- Changed `use_segment_matmul` in `HeteroLinear`, and it now benchmarks both with and without the flag and uses a faster one in subsequent calls ([#8615](https://github.com/pyg-team/pytorch_geometric/pull/8615))
```
